Admin tokens (#2992)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/configurations/features.md

1. (_optional_) If the server is running, stop it with `Ctrl-C`.
2. Open the `config/features.js|ts` file or create it if the file does not exist yet. The file will export a `future` object with all the future flags to enable.

> 3. To enable a future flag, add its property name (see [full list](#available-future-flags)) to the `future` object and ensure the property's value is set to `true`. The following example shows how to enable the `admin_tokens` future flag:

Author: ```suggestion
3. To enable a future flag, add its property name (see [full list](#available-future-flags)) to the `future` object and ensure the property's value is set to `true`. The following example shows how to enable the `adminTokens` future flag:
```

  ```ts title="/config/features.ts"
  export default {
    future: {
      adminTokens: env.bool('STRAPI_FUTURE_ADMIN_TOKENS', false),
    },
  };
  ```

  This example assumes that you have an `.env` environment file at the root of your application and that the file includes the following line:

  ```json title=".env"

>   STRAPI_FUTURE_ADMIN_TOKESN=true

Author: ```suggestion
  STRAPI_FUTURE_ADMIN_TOKENS=true
```
